hi Tammy here with my nerds leisure
world and today I would like to show you
one of the most popular Flagstaff v-lite
floor plans that we stalk this is the 30
wfk SS front kitchen model and when we
get inside you'll see why it is so
popular we're going to start off with
the front here and as you can see it is
the V light so you have the V front here
this particular model we've equipped
with the power front tongue jack has the
nice windows in the front and when you
see when we get inside you'll see this
is the kitchen in the front so nice to
have the windows you can pop them open
or close them for more privacy nice tan
colored exterior power awning as well as
outside speakers beautiful large window
on the count side which is really nice
it enables you to see what's going on on
your calves side and these are the
automotive grade frameless windows this
particular trailer is equipped with a
diamond package so that is part of the
diamond package and they're just
beautiful we've got the aluminum rims
and at the back of it further down the
trailer here is the second door and this
is actually an access into the master
bedroom alright let's see what we've got
inside here so here we are in the front
of the trailer as I mentioned this is a
front kitchen model so here you have the
front kitchen the I believe I think this
is a great layout you've got solid
surface countertops lots of storage and
lots of room to move around in here and
do your prep work to get ready for that
wonderful capping meal that you're going
to have we've got the 6040 sink so it's
the split think and it also has the
solid surface covers so when you're not
needing your sink it acts as a great
addition to your countertop fridge with
full freezer six cubic foot fridge and
freezer nice size oven 3-burner cooktop
as well as your hood fan and your
microwave they've also added a couple
barstools here so you can use this as a
little breakfast nook maybe you don't
want to sit right at the table or if
it's kind of a chilly morning or a rainy
morning you can just kind of sit here
and have your coffee and toast in the
morning as we move down the trailer here
we've got the one large slide this
trailer does have two slides I'll show
you the second one in a little bit here
freestanding table and chairs the really
nice handy dandy day night shade so
you've got the lighter shade on the
bottom and then the darker shade for
those evenings when you want a little
bit more privacy hide-a-bed sofa your
entertainment system with a toshiba TV
am FM CD DVD radio so it's really handy
you don't need to bring another DVD
player you just plunk the DVD in there
if you want to sit and watch a movie
relax in the evenings and a fireplace
electric fireplace to take that chill
off they've also this is an option the
beautiful lazy boy leather recliners now
normally would just come with the two
regular Walker's but we have upgraded
this unit
the late leather lazy boys I should
mention this trailer only weighs 7,000
36 pounds dry so it is an excellent wait
half ton towable in the middle of the
trailer here you will you see the
washroom we've got the nice corner
shower lots of space in there linen
closet it has shelves in there as well
as a hanging rod so if you choose to
want to hang something in there you can
just take the shelving out and use it
that way nice sink with vanity and more
storage as well as a huge linen closet
again and your foot flush toilet
and at the back of the trailer is the
master bedroom queen bed with storage up
top they've done a nice job with the
windows on either side of the bed so if
it's a little bit cool you know a cooler
evening and you want to let a breeze
through you can open each window and
you'll have nice airflow through there
and this is the second slide so you've
got the full bed slide going out here
and storage so in a fifth wheel you
would get your big front storage because
of the fifth wheel but in this travel
trailer with the bedroom slide here at
the back you've got a nice hanging
closet as well as a bunk of drawers on
the bottom and then as I mentioned when
we were outside your access door in and
out of the master bedroom
the flagstaff v-lite is also equipped
with 12 volt heat pads on the tank so
that just gives you a little bit added
protection to your tanks you know in the
cooler spring camping I know I've count
on me long weekend woken up to snow on
the picnic table before so when it's
dipping down to that minus one you can
activate your heat pads by just turning
on a switch and that will add more
protection to your tanks underneath so
once again thanks for joining me I Tami
with minors leisure world and this is
the 2014 edition of the Flagstaff the
light 30w FK SS please give us a shout
for more information at 1 877 842 3288